Jacinta Maciel :: jacinta
Nuno Alexandre Ramos de Carvalho :: narcarvalho
Paula Anjo :: paula
Helena Dias :: helena
Goreti Pereira :: goretti
Cristina Ferreira :: cristina
Jaime Gomes :: jaime
João Gonçalves :: jgoncalves
Carla Araújo :: carla
António Aragão :: aaragao
José Faria :: jose
Alberto José Gonçalves C. Proença :: aproenca
Alexandre Júlio Teixeira Santos :: alex
António Carlos Silva Abelha :: abelha
António Joaquim André Esteves :: esteves
António José Borba Ramires Fernandes :: af
António José Pinheiro Coutinho :: ajc
António Luís Duarte Costa :: costa
António Luís Pinto Ferreira de Sousa :: als
António Manuel da Silva Pina :: pina
António Manuel Nestor Ribeiro :: anr
Bruno Alexandre Fernandes Dias :: dias
Carlos Miguel Ferraz Baquero Moreno :: cbm
César Analide Freitas S. C. Rodrigues :: analide
César de Jesus Pereira C. Rodrigues :: cjr
Fernando Jorge da Silva C. Ferreira :: fjf
Fernando Luís Pinto Neves :: fln
Fernando Mário Junqueira Martins :: fmm
Francisco Coelho Soares de Moura :: fsm
Gilles Barthe :: gilles
João Alexandre Baptista Vieira Saraiva :: jas
João Luís Ferreira Sobral :: jls
João Miguel Lobo Fernandes :: jmf
Joaquim Melo Henriques Macedo :: macedo
Jorge Gustavo Pereira Bastos Rocha :: jgr
Jorge Miguel Matos Sousa Pinto :: jsp
José Augusto Fernandes Lima :: jal
José Bernardo Santos M. V. Barros :: jbb
José Carlos Bacelar Ferreira J. Almeida :: bacelar
José Carlos Ferreira Maia Neves :: jneves
José Carlos Leite Ramalho :: jcr
José Francisco Creissac Freitas Campos :: Jose.campos
José João Antunes G.D. Almeida :: jj
José Manuel Balão da Silva :: jbs
José Manuel Esgalhado Valença :: jmv
José Manuel Ferreira Machado :: jmac
José Nuno Fonseca de Oliveira :: jno
José Orlando Roque N. Pereira :: jop
José Pedro Garcia de Oliveira :: jpo
Luís Manuel Dias C. Soares Barbosa :: lsb
Luís Paulo Peixoto dos Santos :: psantos
Manuel Alcino Pereira da Cunha :: alcino
Manuel Bernardo Martins Barbosa :: mbb
Maria João Gomes Frade :: mjf
Maria Solange Pires Ferreira Rito Lima :: solange
Miguel Francisco de Almeida P. Rocha :: mrocha
Olga Maria Gomes Martins Pacheco :: omp
Orlando Manuel de Oliveira Belo :: obelo
Óscar Sílvio Marques Almeida Gama :: osg
Paulo Jorge Almeida Costa Alves :: palves
Paulo Jorge Freitas Oliveira Novais :: pjon
Paulo Jorge Sousa Azevedo :: pja
Paulo Manuel Martins de Carvalho :: pmmc
Paulo Sérgio Soares de Almeida :: psa
Pedro Manuel Rangel S. Henriques :: prh
Pedro Nuno Miranda de Sousa :: pns
Rui Carlos Mendes Oliveira :: rco
Rui Manuel de Castro Mendes :: rcm
Vasco Luís Barbosa de Freitas :: vf
Victor Francisco Mendes F. G. Fonte :: vff
Victor Manuel Rodrigues Alves :: valves
